DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md, before:

## Introduction

This document demonstrates the steps of setting up the Infineon PSOC™ Edge MCU boards
for connecting to Avnet's /IOTCONNECT Platform with device-generated certificates. Supported boards are listed in 
the [README.md](README.md).

## Prerequisites
* PC with Windows. The project is tested with Windows 10, though the setup should work with Linux or Mac as well.
* USB-A to USB-C data cable
* 2.4GHz WiFi Network
* A serial terminal application such as [Tera Term](https://ttssh2.osdn.jp/index.html.en) or a browser-based application like [Google Chrome Labs Serial Terminal](https://googlechromelabs.github.io/serial-terminal/).
* Tera Term can be installed by launching PowerShell and executing:
```powershell
winget install -e --id TeraTermProject.teraterm
```
* A registered [myInfineon Account](https://www.infineon.com/sec/login)

## Hardware Setup
* See the kit user guide to ensure that the board is configured correctly.
* If using the EVK board, ensure the following jumper and pin configuration on board.
  * BOOT SW must be in the LOW/OFF position. NOTE: This is the default configuration and different from most other Avent projects.
  * J20 and J21 must be in the tristate/not connected (NC) position (these should be default)
* Identify the debug USB port for your board from the board's user manual.
* Connect the board's debug port to a USB port on your PC. A new USB device should be detected.
Firmware logs will be available on that COM port.
* Open the Serial Terminal application and configure as shown below:
  * Port: (Select the COM port with the device)
  * Speed: `115200`
  * Data: `8 bits`
  * Parity: `none`
  * Stop Bits: `1`
  * Flow Control: `none`
  
## Building the Software

> [!NOTE]
> If you wish to contribute to this project, work with your own git fork,
> or evaluate an application version that is not yet released, the setup steps will change 
> the setup steps slightly.
> In that case, read [DEVELOPER_LOCAL_SETUP.md](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotc-mtb-basic-example/blob/main/DEVELOPER_LOCAL_SETUP.md)
> (From the PSOC6 Basic Sample repo)
> before continuing to the steps below.
> Follow the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/iotc-c-lib/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) 
> if you are contributing to this project.

- Download [ModusToolbox&trade; software](https://www.infineon.com/cms/en/design-support/tools/sdk/modustoolbox-software/). Install the ***ModusToolbox&trade; Setup*** software. The software may require you to log into your Infineon account. In ***ModusToolbox&trade; Setup*** software, download & install the items below:
  - ModusToolbox&trade; Tools Package 3.6.
  - ModusToolbox&trade; Edge Protect Security Suite 1.6.0.
  - ModusToolbox&trade; Programming Tools 1.6.0.
  - Arm GCC Toolchain (GCC) 14.2.1.
  - Microsoft Visual Studio Code.

- Install and set up VS Code per [VS Code for ModusToolbox&trade; guide](https://www.infineon.com/assets/row/public/documents/30/44/infineon-visual-studio-code-user-guide-usermanual-en.pdf).
At the time of writing this guide, it is only required to follow the first few sections
that explain how to install VS Code itself, the required VS Code Plugins and the J-Link Software.
- Launch ModusToolbox&trade; Dashboard. Select Target IDE `Microsoft Visual Studio` 
from the dropdown on top-right and then click *Launch Project Creator*.
- Select one of the supported boards from [README.md](README.md) and click *Next*.
- For the Application(s) Root Path, specify or browse to a directory where the application will be created.
It is preferred to use a short path due to Windows OS file path limits.
- Ensure that the Target IDE is *Microsoft Visual Studio Code*.
- Checkmark this repo's application by browsing Template Applications or searching for this application name. 
We suggest searching for "Avnet" first to reduce the list.
- It is recommended to override the New Application Name value to a shorter name.
- Click *Create* and close the Project Creator when the project is created successfully.
- Open VS Code, and Select *File -> Open Workspace from File*, navigate to the location of the application that was just
created, select the workspace file, and click *Open*.
- Depending on your settings in VS Code and VS Code version, you may see a message about trusting the authors. 
If so, click *Yes, I trust the authors*.

- Apply a fix to secure-sockets by manually editing
*mtb_shared/secure-sockets/.../source/COMPONENT_MBEDTLS/cy_tls.c* around line 1667 
and surround the code section below with *if(tls_identity)*:

```c
...
    }
    else
    {
        load_cert_key_from_ram = CY_TLS_LOAD_CERT_FROM_RAM;
    }
#else
    /* */
    /* IOTC_FIX: Only setup opaque key if tls_identity is provided (mTLS case).
     * For server-only TLS (no client cert), tls_identity is NULL and we skip this. */     
    if(tls_identity)
    {
        mbedtls_pk_init( &tls_identity->private_key );

        /* Set the opaque private key id */
        ret = mbedtls_pk_setup_opaque(&tls_identity->private_key, tls_identity->opaque_private_key_id);
        if(ret != 0)
        {
            tls_cy_log_msg(CYLF_MIDDLEWARE, CY_LOG_ERR, "Failed to setup opaque key context 0x%x\r\n", ret);
            result = CY_RSLT_MODULE_TLS_ERROR;
            goto cleanup;
        }
    }
    if(ret != 0)
    {
        tls_cy_log_msg(CYLF_MIDDLEWARE, CY_LOG_ERR, "Failed to setup opaque key context 0x%x\r\n", ret);
        result = CY_RSLT_MODULE_TLS_ERROR;
        goto cleanup;
    }
#endif /* CY_SECURE_SOCKETS_PKCS_SUPPORT */
#endif /* CY_TFM_PSA_SUPPORTED */
...    
```

- Set your Wi-Fi credentials at [proj_cm33_ns/wifi_config.h](proj_cm33_ns/wifi_config.h).
- (Optional) The Device Unique ID (DUID) will be auto-generated, and the generated DUID will be printed at device startup.
This behavior can be altered by modifying **app_config.h** in the *proj_cm33_ns* project directory.
If you wish to use a different DUID, set it as IOTCONNECT_DUID.
- Program the project onto the board by connecting the board and 
selecting *Terminal -> Run Task -> Program* from the IDE menu.
- If you wish to debug the project, select *Run > Start Debugging* instead.
- The board certificate and your DUID will be displayed in the terminal. Use the DUID and the certificate
to register the device with /IOTCONNECT in the steps below.

## Cloud Account Setup

### Create /IOTCONNECT Account
An /IOTCONNECT account with an AWS backend is required.  If you need to create an account, a free trial subscription is available.
The free subscription may be obtained directly from [iotconnect.io](https://iotconnect.io) or through the AWS Marketplace.

* Option #1 **(Recommended)**   
/IOTCONNECT via [AWS Marketplace](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotconnect.github.io/blob/main/documentation/iotconnect/subscription/iotconnect_aws_marketplace.md) - 60 day trial; AWS account creation required  


* Option #2  
/IOTCONNECT via [iotconnect.io](https://subscription.iotconnect.io/subscribe?cloud=aws) - 30 day trial; no credit card required

> [!NOTE]
> Be sure to check any SPAM folder for the temporary password after registering.

Login to the platform by navigating to [console.iotconnect.io](https://console.iotconnect.io)

### Acquire /IOTCONNECT Account Information

* The Company ID (**CPID**) and Environment (**ENV**) variables are required to be stored into the device. Take note of these values for later reference.
<details><summary>Acquire <b>CPID</b> and <b>ENV</b> parameters from the /IOTCONNECT Key Vault and save for later use</summary>
<img style="width:75%; height:auto" src="https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotconnect.github.io/blob/bbdc9f363831ba607f40805244cbdfd08c887e78/assets/cpid_and_env.png"/>
</details>

* Provide values for DUID, CPID and ENV from the above steps into the **proj_cm33_ns/app_config.h** file.
* Set your IOTCONNECT_CONNECTION_TYPE in the same file, per comments.

### /IOTCONNECT Device Template Setup

An /IOTCONNECT *Device Template* will need to be created or imported.
* Download the premade [device-template.json](files/device-template.json) 
(Open the link then click the *Download Raw File* icon on the right).
* Import the template into your /IOTCONNECT instance:  [Importing a Device Template](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotconnect.github.io/blob/main/documentation/iotconnect/import_device_template.md) guide  
> **Note:**  
> For more information on [Template Management](https://docs.iotconnect.io/iotconnect/concepts/cloud-template/) 
> please see the [/IOTCONNECT Documentation](https://iotconnect.io) website.

### /IOTCONNECT Device Creation and Setup

* Enter your device ID into the *Unique ID* field (also called Device Unique ID - DUID in this guide).
* Enter the same DUID or descriptive name of your choosing as *Display Name* to help identify your device.
* Select the template from the dropdown box that was just imported.
* Ensure "Use my certificate" is selected under *Device certificate*.
* Copy and paste your certificate into the *Certificate Text:* box. The rest of the certificate options on this page
should be default.
* Click **Save & View**.
* In the project, provide values for CPID and ENV from the above steps into the **proj_cm33_ns/app_config.h** file.
* Set your IOTCONNECT_CONNECTION_TYPE in the same file, per comments.
* Re-build and program the device. The device should now connect to /IOTCONNECT.

Commit message:

Update README to point out using the short application path

DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md, after:

## Introduction

This document demonstrates the steps of setting up the Infineon PSOC™ Edge MCU boards
for connecting to Avnet's /IOTCONNECT Platform with device-generated certificates. Supported boards are listed in 
the [README.md](README.md).

## Prerequisites
* PC with Windows. The project is tested with Windows 10, though the setup should work with Linux or Mac as well.
* USB-A to USB-C data cable
* 2.4GHz WiFi Network
* A serial terminal application such as [Tera Term](https://ttssh2.osdn.jp/index.html.en) or a browser-based application like [Google Chrome Labs Serial Terminal](https://googlechromelabs.github.io/serial-terminal/).
* Tera Term can be installed by launching PowerShell and executing:
```powershell
winget install -e --id TeraTermProject.teraterm
```
* A registered [myInfineon Account](https://www.infineon.com/sec/login)

## Hardware Setup
* See the kit user guide to ensure that the board is configured correctly.
* If using the EVK board, ensure the following jumper and pin configuration on board.
  * BOOT SW must be in the LOW/OFF position. NOTE: This is the default configuration and different from most other Avent projects.
  * J20 and J21 must be in the tristate/not connected (NC) position (these should be default)
* Identify the debug USB port for your board from the board's user manual.
* Connect the board's debug port to a USB port on your PC. A new USB device should be detected.
Firmware logs will be available on that COM port.
* Open the Serial Terminal application and configure as shown below:
  * Port: (Select the COM port with the device)
  * Speed: `115200`
  * Data: `8 bits`
  * Parity: `none`
  * Stop Bits: `1`
  * Flow Control: `none`
  
## Building the Software

> [!NOTE]
> If you wish to contribute to this project, work with your own git fork,
> or evaluate an application version that is not yet released, the setup steps will change 
> the setup steps slightly.
> In that case, read [DEVELOPER_LOCAL_SETUP.md](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotc-mtb-basic-example/blob/main/DEVELOPER_LOCAL_SETUP.md)
> (From the PSOC6 Basic Sample repo)
> before continuing to the steps below.
> Follow the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/iotc-c-lib/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) 
> if you are contributing to this project.

- Download [ModusToolbox&trade; software](https://www.infineon.com/cms/en/design-support/tools/sdk/modustoolbox-software/). Install the ***ModusToolbox&trade; Setup*** software. The software may require you to log into your Infineon account. In ***ModusToolbox&trade; Setup*** software, download & install the items below:
  - ModusToolbox&trade; Tools Package 3.6.
  - ModusToolbox&trade; Edge Protect Security Suite 1.6.0.
  - ModusToolbox&trade; Programming Tools 1.6.0.
  - Arm GCC Toolchain (GCC) 14.2.1.
  - Microsoft Visual Studio Code.

- Install and set up VS Code per [VS Code for ModusToolbox&trade; guide](https://www.infineon.com/assets/row/public/documents/30/44/infineon-visual-studio-code-user-guide-usermanual-en.pdf).
At the time of writing this guide, it is only required to follow the first few sections
that explain how to install VS Code itself, the required VS Code Plugins and the J-Link Software.
- Launch ModusToolbox&trade; Dashboard. Select Target IDE `Microsoft Visual Studio` 
from the dropdown on top-right and then click *Launch Project Creator*.
- Select one of the supported boards from [README.md](README.md) and click *Next*.

> [!WARNING]
> On Windows, the combined path of *Application Root Path* and *New Application Name* 
> below **must not** exceed 36 characters. For example, use C:\projects\avt-psa-root\avt-psa-app
> where *C:\projects\avt-psa-root* is the application root and *avt-psa-app* is the application name.

- For the Application(s) Root Path, specify or browse to a directory where the application will be created.
- Ensure that the Target IDE is *Microsoft Visual Studio Code*.
- Checkmark this repo's application by browsing Template Applications or searching for this application name. 
We suggest searching for "Avnet" first to reduce the list.
- Override the New Application Name value in the corresponding column in the table to a shorter name.
- Click *Create* and close the Project Creator when the project is created successfully.
- Open VS Code, and Select *File -> Open Workspace from File*, navigate to the location of the application that was just
created, select the workspace file, and click *Open*.
- Depending on your settings in VS Code and VS Code version, you may see a message about trusting the authors. 
If so, click *Yes, I trust the authors*.

- Apply a fix to secure-sockets by manually editing
*mtb_shared/secure-sockets/.../source/COMPONENT_MBEDTLS/cy_tls.c* around line 1667 
and surround the code section below with *if(tls_identity)*:

```c
...
    }
    else
    {
        load_cert_key_from_ram = CY_TLS_LOAD_CERT_FROM_RAM;
    }
#else
    /* */
    /* IOTC_FIX: Only setup opaque key if tls_identity is provided (mTLS case).
     * For server-only TLS (no client cert), tls_identity is NULL and we skip this. */     
    if(tls_identity)
    {
        mbedtls_pk_init( &tls_identity->private_key );

        /* Set the opaque private key id */
        ret = mbedtls_pk_setup_opaque(&tls_identity->private_key, tls_identity->opaque_private_key_id);
        if(ret != 0)
        {
            tls_cy_log_msg(CYLF_MIDDLEWARE, CY_LOG_ERR, "Failed to setup opaque key context 0x%x\r\n", ret);
            result = CY_RSLT_MODULE_TLS_ERROR;
            goto cleanup;
        }
    }
    if(ret != 0)
    {
        tls_cy_log_msg(CYLF_MIDDLEWARE, CY_LOG_ERR, "Failed to setup opaque key context 0x%x\r\n", ret);
        result = CY_RSLT_MODULE_TLS_ERROR;
        goto cleanup;
    }
#endif /* CY_SECURE_SOCKETS_PKCS_SUPPORT */
#endif /* CY_TFM_PSA_SUPPORTED */
...    
```

- Set your Wi-Fi credentials at [proj_cm33_ns/wifi_config.h](proj_cm33_ns/wifi_config.h).
- (Optional) The Device Unique ID (DUID) will be auto-generated, and the generated DUID will be printed at device startup.
This behavior can be altered by modifying **app_config.h** in the *proj_cm33_ns* project directory.
If you wish to use a different DUID, set it as IOTCONNECT_DUID.
- Program the project onto the board by connecting the board and 
selecting *Terminal -> Run Task -> Program* from the IDE menu.
- If you wish to debug the project, select *Run > Start Debugging* instead.
- The board certificate and your DUID will be displayed in the terminal. Use the DUID and the certificate
to register the device with /IOTCONNECT in the steps below.

## Cloud Account Setup

### Create /IOTCONNECT Account
An /IOTCONNECT account with an AWS backend is required.  If you need to create an account, a free trial subscription is available.
The free subscription may be obtained directly from [iotconnect.io](https://iotconnect.io) or through the AWS Marketplace.

* Option #1 **(Recommended)**   
/IOTCONNECT via [AWS Marketplace](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotconnect.github.io/blob/main/documentation/iotconnect/subscription/iotconnect_aws_marketplace.md) - 60 day trial; AWS account creation required  


* Option #2  
/IOTCONNECT via [iotconnect.io](https://subscription.iotconnect.io/subscribe?cloud=aws) - 30 day trial; no credit card required

> [!NOTE]
> Be sure to check any SPAM folder for the temporary password after registering.

Login to the platform by navigating to [console.iotconnect.io](https://console.iotconnect.io)

### Acquire /IOTCONNECT Account Information

* The Company ID (**CPID**) and Environment (**ENV**) variables are required to be stored into the device. Take note of these values for later reference.
<details><summary>Acquire <b>CPID</b> and <b>ENV</b> parameters from the /IOTCONNECT Key Vault and save for later use</summary>
<img style="width:75%; height:auto" src="https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotconnect.github.io/blob/bbdc9f363831ba607f40805244cbdfd08c887e78/assets/cpid_and_env.png"/>
</details>

* Provide values for DUID, CPID and ENV from the above steps into the **proj_cm33_ns/app_config.h** file.
* Set your IOTCONNECT_CONNECTION_TYPE in the same file, per comments.

### /IOTCONNECT Device Template Setup

An /IOTCONNECT *Device Template* will need to be created or imported.
* Download the premade [device-template.json](files/device-template.json) 
(Open the link then click the *Download Raw File* icon on the right).
* Import the template into your /IOTCONNECT instance:  [Importing a Device Template](https://github.com/avnet-iotconnect/avnet-iotconnect.github.io/blob/main/documentation/iotconnect/import_device_template.md) guide  
> **Note:**  
> For more information on [Template Management](https://docs.iotconnect.io/iotconnect/concepts/cloud-template/) 
> please see the [/IOTCONNECT Documentation](https://iotconnect.io) website.

### /IOTCONNECT Device Creation and Setup

* Enter your device ID into the *Unique ID* field (also called Device Unique ID - DUID in this guide).
* Enter the same DUID or descriptive name of your choosing as *Display Name* to help identify your device.
* Select the template from the dropdown box that was just imported.
* Ensure "Use my certificate" is selected under *Device certificate*.
* Copy and paste your certificate into the *Certificate Text:* box. The rest of the certificate options on this page
should be default.
* Click **Save & View**.
* In the project, provide values for CPID and ENV from the above steps into the **proj_cm33_ns/app_config.h** file.
* Set your IOTCONNECT_CONNECTION_TYPE in the same file, per comments.
* Re-build and program the device. The device should now connect to /IOTCONNECT.
